Feature/detect samples dropped (#322)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: examples/connext_dds/detect_samples_dropped/README.md

# Example Code: Detect Samples Dropped by the DataReader

> Example about detecting sample dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example about detecting samples dropped.
```

For more information about the counters, please refer to the API Reference HTML
documentation or the [User Manuals](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/6.1.0/doc/manuals/connext_dds_professional/users_manual/index.htm#users_manual/Statuses_for_DataReaders.htm).

## Example Description

In this example, we illustrate how to detect samples dropped for two reasons:

- Exclusive Ownership.
- Content Filter Topic.

In order to force the samples to be dropped we:

-   In the publisher side:

    -   Create two DataWriters with Exclusive Ownership and different values for
    the Ownership Strength.
    -   Both DataWriters write samples using different values for the element X,
    which we will filter out.
-   In the subscriber side:

    - Create a Content Filter Topic, filtering out specific values of element X.
    - Create a DataReader enabling Exclusive Ownership.

In the subscriber application, we retrieve the DataReader Cache Status and log
the relevant values. The expected output is:

```plaintext
Samples dropped:
     ownership_dropped_sample_count 4
     content_filter_dropped_sample_count 3
```

> It means that four samples were dropped due to Exclusive Ownership and three samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above output informs us that four samples were dropped due to Exclusive Ownership and three samples
```

     content_filter_dropped_sample_count 3
```

> The above output informs us that samples were dropped due to Exclusive Ownership

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above output informs us that four samples were dropped due to Exclusive Ownership
```
